prototype.HtmlEncode = function
prototype._enableDynamicHyperlinks = function
prototype._enableDynamicHyperlinks = function
prototype._launchInAppBrowser = function
prototype._launchInAppBrowser = function
prototype._launchInAppBrowser = function
prototype.acceptAppliedMember = function
prototype.acceptInvitation = function
prototype.addAttachment = function
prototype.addAxes = function
prototype.addClient = function
prototype.addComment = function
prototype.addCommonProperties = function
prototype.addCompetencySkill = function
prototype.addConnectivityListeners = function
prototype.addDefaultLevels = function
prototype.addDependent = function
prototype.addEmployees = function
prototype.addExternalInvitee = function
prototype.addFYProperties = function
prototype.addFYSeries = function
prototype.addFileOrFolder = function
prototype.addFilterConfig = function
prototype.addGridMultipleDrilldownChildItems = function
prototype.addGridSingleDrilldownChildItems = function
prototype.addInfoWindow = function
prototype.addInvitee = function
prototype.addLevelsToChildLevelData = function
prototype.addLevelsToPageData = function
prototype.addMembersToInitiative = function
prototype.addMembersToProgram = function
prototype.addMissionMember = function
prototype.addOwnersToProgram = function
prototype.addPermission = function
prototype.addProps = function
prototype.addRecord = function
prototype.addRequestToQueue = function
prototype.addStacking = function
prototype.addStageTaskAttachments = function
prototype.addToFilters = function
prototype.addVaccinationDependent = function
prototype.adjust = function
prototype.analysis = function
prototype.analysis = function
prototype.applyFilters = function
prototype.applyForMission = function
prototype.applySeriesProperties = function
prototype.applyStyle = function
prototype.applyVOAProperties = function
prototype.approveOrDeclinePerformanceReview = function
prototype.approveScorecardKpi = function
prototype.approveScorecardPostComment = function
prototype.arrangeDimensionLevels = function
prototype.autoFormat = function
prototype.autoScale = function
prototype.axesLabelFormatter = function
prototype.b64toBlob = function
prototype.b64toBlobImage = function
prototype.back = function
prototype.backToimg = function
prototype.backgroundColor = function
prototype.base64Image = function
prototype.base64toBlob = function
prototype.beforeDrillDown = function
prototype.bubbleTooltipFormatter = function
prototype.calcRatio = function
prototype.callHTTP = function
prototype.callRow = function(e) {}, OneRComponent.prototype.openWidgetPage = function
prototype.cancel = function
prototype.cancel = function
prototype.cancelAppointment = function
prototype.cancelInvitation = function
prototype.candleStickTooltipFormatter = function
prototype.captureImage = function
prototype.cascadeKpiFromSupervisor = function
prototype.changeDate = function
prototype.changeLanguage = function
prototype.changeMysjId = function
prototype.changeProfilePic = function
prototype.changePwd = function
prototype.changeReadStatus = function
prototype.chart = function
prototype.chartHeight = function
prototype.chartHeight = function
prototype.check = function
prototype.check = function
prototype.checkCache = function
prototype.checkDecimalPoints = function
prototype.checkDecimalPoints = function
prototype.checkDirAndCreateDir = function
prototype.checkDirForDownloadedFiles = function
prototype.checkExternalDirectory = function
prototype.checkFile = function
prototype.checkForCommentField = function
prototype.checkForDeleteKPI = function
prototype.checkForNullandUpdate = function
prototype.checkForUpdate = function
prototype.checkForUsername = function
prototype.checkIfDataExists = function
prototype.checkIfDataIsMore = function
prototype.checkIfHeatmapMultipleColums = function
prototype.checkIfLandScape = function
prototype.checkIfLevelExists = function
prototype.checkIfLevelIsLoaded = function
prototype.checkIfLoaded = function
prototype.checkIfMultiLevel = function
prototype.checkIfMyDownloads = function
prototype.checkIfSelected = function
prototype.checkInternet = function
prototype.checkInternetConnection = function
prototype.checkIsEmpty = function
prototype.checkLogin = function
prototype.checkMapStatus = function
prototype.checkS3Image = function
prototype.checkUpdateKpiValid = function
prototype.checkValid = function
prototype.checkValidStep1 = function
prototype.checkValue = function
prototype.childdeckChainCreator = function
prototype.childs = function
prototype.childs = function
prototype.chooseImage = function
prototype.choosePicture = function
prototype.clearAll = function
prototype.clearAllData = function
prototype.clearBaseUrl = function
prototype.clearDashboardData = function
prototype.clearFilter = function
prototype.clearFilters = function
prototype.clearFilters = function
prototype.clearHeader = function
prototype.clickMe = function
prototype.close = function
prototype.close = function
prototype.closeKpiModal = function
prototype.closeKpiModal = function
prototype.closePostMenuModal = function
prototype.closePostMenuModal = function
prototype.closePostMenuModal = function
prototype.closePostMenuModal = function
prototype.closePostMenuModal = function
prototype.colClass = function
prototype.commentOn = function
prototype.commentOn = function
prototype.commonFormatter = function
prototype.completeStageTask = function
prototype.confirmSlot = function
prototype.constructCheckInTodoSubmit = function
prototype.constructChildLevelData = function
prototype.constructChildLevels = function
prototype.constructCreateKpiPayload = function
prototype.constructPayloadAndSubmitCoachIn = function
prototype.constructUpdateKpiPayload = function
prototype.construtFilterRequest = function
prototype.consturctAndPush = function
prototype.contactOwner = function
prototype.contestWidget = function
prototype.convertStringToArray = function
prototype.copyOrMoveFiles = function
prototype.copySectionData = function
prototype.createBaseRequest = function
prototype.createChartJson = function
prototype.createColumns = function
prototype.createColumns = function
prototype.createDeck = function
prototype.createDeck = function
prototype.createDeck = function
prototype.createDrilldownOrder = function
prototype.createFilterConfig = function
prototype.createFiltersBySelection = function
prototype.createGridSeries = function
prototype.createGroupRow = function
prototype.createIGridChildren = function
prototype.createInitiative = function
prototype.createKpi = function
prototype.createLabels = function
prototype.createMeasureFilterIfExists = function
prototype.createMeasureMeta = function
prototype.createMilestone = function
prototype.createOneRDrilldownOrder = function
prototype.createProgram = function
prototype.createRequest = function
prototype.createRequest = function
prototype.createStage = function
prototype.createStageTask = function
prototype.createSubHeading = function
prototype.createTable = function
prototype.createTextProperties = function
prototype.createWidgetFilterConfig = function
prototype.currentDashboardDatasetup = function
prototype.customDateSummary = function
prototype.dashboards = function
prototype.dataChange = function
prototype.dataChanged = function
prototype.dataLoaded = function
prototype.dataVersion = function
prototype.dataVersion = function
prototype.dataVersion = function
prototype.dataVersion = function
prototype.dataVersion = function
prototype.dateSummaryText = function
prototype.dateUTCConverter = function
prototype.deckNameValidator = function
prototype.declineAppliedMember = function
prototype.declineInvitation = function
prototype.decrypt = function
prototype.defaultChart = function
prototype.defaultImageSetterForFileType = function
prototype.defaultTooltip = function
prototype.defaultTooltipFormatter = function
prototype.delete = function
prototype.deleteAttachment = function
prototype.deleteComment = function
prototype.deleteDashboard = function
prototype.deleteDashboards = function
prototype.deleteDeck = function
prototype.deleteDependent = function
prototype.deleteFile = function
prototype.deleteFile = function
prototype.deleteInitiative = function
prototype.deleteItem = function
prototype.deleteItem = function
prototype.deleteKpi = function
prototype.deleteLevelsFromFilters = function
prototype.deleteLevelsFromPageData = function
prototype.deleteLocalCache = function
prototype.deleteMilestone = function
prototype.deleteMission = function
prototype.deleteOfflineData = function
prototype.deleteOfflinePhotoData = function
prototype.deleteProgram = function
prototype.deleteRecord = function
prototype.deleteRecords = function
prototype.deleteSequence = function
prototype.deleteStage = function
prototype.deleteStageTask = function
prototype.deleteStageTaskAttachment = function
prototype.deleteThis = function
prototype.deleteThis = function
prototype.deleteThread = function
prototype.deleteThread = function
prototype.dial = function
prototype.dimension = function
prototype.dimensionData = function
prototype.directPostWithBase = function
prototype.disableActions = function
prototype.disableMap = function
prototype.discussAbout = function
prototype.discussAbout = function(e) {}, e.prototype.deleteThread = function
prototype.discussAboutWidget = function
prototype.dismiss = function
prototype.dismissLoading = function
prototype.dismissLoading = function
prototype.dismissLoading = function
prototype.dismissLoading = function
prototype.dismissLoading = function
prototype.doInfinite = function
prototype.doInfinite = function
prototype.doInfinite = function(e) {}, TransactionalWidget.prototype.updateFilters = function
prototype.doRefresh = function
prototype.downlaodPdfToStorage = function
prototype.download = function
prototype.downloadAndSetImage = function
prototype.downloadFile = function
prototype.downloadFile = function
prototype.downloadFile = function
prototype.downloadFileFromUrl = function
prototype.downloadFileToExternal = function
prototype.downloadImage = function
prototype.downloadTaskFile = function
prototype.drillThroughGrid = function
prototype.drilldown = function
prototype.drilldown = function
prototype.drilldown = function
prototype.drillup = function
prototype.edit = function
prototype.edit = function
prototype.editedKpiComments = function
prototype.enableExport = function
prototype.enableMap = function
prototype.encrypt = function
prototype.enlargeAndShow = function
prototype.eval = function
prototype.excelData = function
prototype.execute = function
prototype.exportAsExcelFile = function
prototype.externalInvitees = function
prototype.extractComponentGroupId = function
prototype.extractMillis = function
prototype.extractUom = function
prototype.extractWidgetData = function
prototype.extractWidgetStructure = function
prototype.failureCallback = function
prototype.failureCallback = function(e) {}, e.prototype.deckNameValidator = function
prototype.failureCallback = function(e) {}, e.prototype.removeAtt = function
prototype.fetch = function
prototype.fetchHospitals = function
prototype.fetchHotSpot = function
prototype.fileAttachment = function
prototype.filterState = function
prototype.findByPageType = function
prototype.findIsRemovable = function
prototype.findIsRemovable = function
prototype.findMeasure = function
prototype.findNextLevel = function
prototype.findPhotoByURL = function
prototype.forceLogout = function
prototype.foreColor = function
prototype.formURI = function
prototype.format = function
prototype.format = function
prototype.formatDate = function
prototype.formatDate = function
prototype.formatDate = function
prototype.formatDrillThroughColumn = function
prototype.fromDeckCreatePage = function
prototype.generateVaccinationCert = function
prototype.get = function
prototype.get = function
prototype.getActionables = function
prototype.getActivePerformanceScorecards = function
prototype.getAddKpi = function
prototype.getAllComments = function
prototype.getAllDashboardRecords = function
prototype.getAllDecks = function
prototype.getAllEmp = function
prototype.getAllEmployees = function
prototype.getAllEmployees = function
prototype.getAllGroups = function
prototype.getAllInitiativesOfProgram = function
prototype.getAllMilestones = function
prototype.getAllMission = function
prototype.getAllPrograms = function
prototype.getAllStageTasks = function
prototype.getAndUpdateFirebaseToken = function
prototype.getApplicableKpiList = function
prototype.getApplicablePeriods = function
prototype.getAppliedMembers = function
prototype.getApproveScorecardDetails = function
prototype.getApproveScorecardInfoDetails = function
prototype.getApproveSubordinates = function
prototype.getAssessmentTemplate = function
prototype.getAuthByDeckId = function
prototype.getAuthConfig = function
prototype.getBackGroundColor = function
prototype.getBaseURL = function
prototype.getBaseUrl = function
prototype.getBasicInfo = function
prototype.getBorderColor = function
prototype.getBudgetOfInitiative = function
prototype.getCardInfo = function
prototype.getCardInfoDeepLinking = function
prototype.getCategories = function
prototype.getCategory = function
prototype.getCategory = function
prototype.getCharCode = function
prototype.getCharts = function
prototype.getChildDate = function
prototype.getChildDecks = function
prototype.getClients = function
prototype.getColor = function
prototype.getColor = function
prototype.getComments = function
prototype.getComments = function
prototype.getCompetencyCardInfo = function
prototype.getCompetencyCategory = function
prototype.getCompetencyRatingDetails = function
prototype.getCompetencyScorecards = function
prototype.getCompetencySnapshotView = function
prototype.getComponentByTypeName = function
prototype.getComponents = function
prototype.getContianerHeight = function
prototype.getCreateMissionTemplete = function
prototype.getCreateStageTemplete = function
prototype.getDataFromFirebase = function() {}, e.prototype.ngOnInit = function() {}, e.prototype.error = function(e) {}, e.prototype.success = function(e) {}, e.prototype.initializeApp = function
prototype.getDataFromOffline = function
prototype.getDataInMilliSec = function
prototype.getDate = function
prototype.getDate = function
prototype.getDateComparison = function
prototype.getDateInFormate = function
prototype.getDeckAuth = function
prototype.getDeckData = function
prototype.getDescBody = function
prototype.getDeviceUniqueId = function
prototype.getDifference = function
prototype.getDimensionLevels = function
prototype.getDimensions = function
prototype.getDisplayDate = function
prototype.getDisplayText = function
prototype.getDistrictZoneDetails = function
prototype.getDomainURL = function
prototype.getDomainURL = function
prototype.getDownloadPath = function
prototype.getEligibilityForm = function
prototype.getEmp = function
prototype.getEmpCode = function
prototype.getEmpCode = function
prototype.getEmpInfoByGroup = function
prototype.getEmpObfuscation = function
prototype.getEmployeeDetailsById = function
prototype.getEmployeeInfo = function
prototype.getEmployeeInfo = function
prototype.getFeedbackCommentsInfo = function
prototype.getFeedbackInviteeList = function
prototype.getFeedbackQuestionnaire = function
prototype.getFileNameExt = function
prototype.getFileType = function
prototype.getFileTypeToDownload = function
prototype.getFilterdLevel = function
prototype.getFirstAnnouncementCardDetails = function
prototype.getFormTodate = function
prototype.getFormattedDate = function
prototype.getFormattedDate = function
prototype.getFormattedDate = function
prototype.getFormattedDate = function
prototype.getFormtUrl = function
prototype.getFrequencyId = function
prototype.getFristPageData = function
prototype.getGradeData = function
prototype.getGradeData = function
prototype.getGraphConfig = function
prototype.getGraphData = function
prototype.getGroupKpiMeta = function
prototype.getGroupKpiMeta = function
prototype.getGroupKpiSkeleton = function
prototype.getGroupKpis = function
prototype.getGroups = function
prototype.getHSODetails = function
prototype.getHTMLText = function
prototype.getHealthyMindItems = function
prototype.getHistory = function
prototype.getHtml = function
prototype.getId = function
prototype.getId = function
prototype.getImageFromType = function
prototype.getImagePath = function
prototype.getImagePath = function
prototype.getImagePath = function
prototype.getImageUrl = function
prototype.getImageUrl = function
prototype.getIndex = function
prototype.getInfoWidgets = function
prototype.getInitials = function
prototype.getInitiativeById = function
prototype.getInterval = function
prototype.getInvitedMembers = function
prototype.getInviteeDetails = function
prototype.getIssueTypes = function
prototype.getJoiningDate = function
prototype.getJoiningDate = function
prototype.getKPIFeedback = function
prototype.getKpiDataList = function
prototype.getKpiInfo = function
prototype.getKpiListForFeedback = function
prototype.getKpiMeta = function
prototype.getKpiMeta = function
prototype.getKpiSkeleton = function
prototype.getLanguage = function
prototype.getLastModified = function
prototype.getLastUpdateDate = function
prototype.getLeagueData = function
prototype.getLevels = function
prototype.getLocationWithinRadius = function
prototype.getLocationsPlaces = function
prototype.getMaxDates = function
prototype.getMetaData = function
prototype.getMilestoneById = function
prototype.getMimeType = function
prototype.getMission = function
prototype.getMissionHistory = function
prototype.getMissionMembers = function
prototype.getModifiedDashboards = function
prototype.getMoreInfo = function
prototype.getMultipleDimensionLevels = function
prototype.getMySubordinates = function
prototype.getMyTeam = function
prototype.getMyTeam = function
prototype.getMyTeamMembers = function
prototype.getOfflineDashboardData = function
prototype.getOfflineDashboardList = function
prototype.getOfflineData = function
prototype.getOfflineHubData = function
prototype.getOfflineSectionsData = function
prototype.getOnlyDashboards = function
prototype.getOnlyTopLevelElements = function
prototype.getOnlyTopLevelElements = function
prototype.getOrgName = function
prototype.getOrgName = function
prototype.getOriginalGroupThreadId = function
prototype.getOriginalThreadId = function
prototype.getOverallRating = function
prototype.getPage = function
prototype.getParsedText = function
prototype.getPassword = function
prototype.getPasswordPolicy = function
prototype.getPastData = function
prototype.getPayload = function
prototype.getPayload = function
prototype.getPayloadProvideFeedbackComments = function
prototype.getPercentage = function
prototype.getPercentage = function
prototype.getPercentage = function
prototype.getPercentage = function
prototype.getPerformanceReviewCommentsInfo = function
prototype.getPerformanceReviewInfo = function
prototype.getPerformanceReviewPublishedInfo = function
prototype.getPerformanceVerifyCommentsInfo = function
prototype.getPlatform = function
prototype.getPolarGraphData = function
prototype.getPolarGraphData = function
prototype.getPolorGraphData = function(e, n, t, l) {}, n.prototype.getGraphData = function
prototype.getPostData = function
prototype.getPostData = function
prototype.getProfileCards = function
prototype.getProfileInfo = function
prototype.getProgramById = function
prototype.getProgramTemplate = function
prototype.getPrograms = function
prototype.getProgressChart = function
prototype.getProgressChart = function
prototype.getProgressOfInitiative = function
prototype.getProgressOfProgram = function
prototype.getPublishedReviewPerformanceComments = function
prototype.getPublishedScorecardDetails = function
prototype.getQRCardUrl = function
prototype.getRadiusByClassification = function
prototype.getRanges = function
prototype.getReadableDeviceName = function
prototype.getRecentEmployee = function
prototype.getRecords = function
prototype.getResavedDashboards = function
prototype.getReviewComments = function
prototype.getReviewDetails = function
prototype.getReviewSummary = function
prototype.getReviewers = function
prototype.getRewards = function
prototype.getS3Image = function
prototype.getScaleData = function
prototype.getScorecard = function
prototype.getScorecardWithScorecardId = function
prototype.getScores = function
prototype.getScores = function
prototype.getSectionsCheckedDashboards = function
prototype.getSelectedDimension = function
prototype.getSelectedValues = function
prototype.getSettingUserDetails = function
prototype.getShareEmployeeID = function
prototype.getShareTitle = function
prototype.getSharedPeopleList = function
prototype.getSlotsFromFacility = function
prototype.getSplicedContent = function
prototype.getStageDetails = function
prototype.getStageTaskDetails = function
prototype.getStages = function
prototype.getStep1Data = function
prototype.getStep2Data = function
prototype.getStoragePath = function
prototype.getString = function
prototype.getString = function
prototype.getSubmitScorecardInfo = function
prototype.getSubordinateInfo = function
prototype.getSubordinateInfo = function
prototype.getSupName = function
prototype.getSupName = function
prototype.getSupName = function
prototype.getSupervisorKpiList = function
prototype.getSurveyQuestions = function
prototype.getTabsInfo = function
prototype.getTargetDataListValue = function
prototype.getTaskCount = function
prototype.getTasksWidgets = function
prototype.getTeamContestData = function
prototype.getTeamContestData = function
prototype.getThreadGroup = function
prototype.getToDoTemplate = function
prototype.getToken = function
prototype.getTranslatedString = function
prototype.getTranslatedString = function
prototype.getTranslatedString = function
prototype.getTranslatedString = function
prototype.getTravelForm = function
prototype.getTrendAnalysis = function
prototype.getTrendColor = function
prototype.getURI = function
prototype.getUniqueId = function
prototype.getUpdatePerformanceInfo = function
prototype.getUrlDate = function
prototype.getUserConfig = function
prototype.getUserConfig = function
prototype.getUserDetails = function
prototype.getUserPref = function
prototype.getUserPreference = function
prototype.getUsers = function
prototype.getVaccinationEmployeeInfo = function
prototype.getVaccinationFacilities = function
prototype.getVaccineData = function
prototype.getValue = function
prototype.getVerifyScorecardDetails = function
prototype.getVerifyScorecardInfoDetails = function
prototype.getVerifySubordinates = function
prototype.getWigetsCount = function
prototype.getWizardData = function
prototype.goBack = function
prototype.goBack = function
prototype.goBack = function
prototype.goToDetailPage = function
prototype.goToDetailPage = function
prototype.goToFilter = function
prototype.goToPreview = function
prototype.goToViewer = function
prototype.goToViewer = function
prototype.gotToWidget = function
prototype.hammerIt = function
prototype.handleDownloadError = function
prototype.hasCols = function
prototype.hasDrilldown = function
prototype.hasDrilldown = function
prototype.hasExportOption = function
prototype.hasNext = function
prototype.hasXAxis = function
prototype.hideDiv = function
prototype.htmlEntitiesDecode = function
prototype.httpDELETE = function
prototype.httpDeviceDELETE = function
prototype.httpGET = function
prototype.httpNoBaseGet = function
prototype.httpNoBasePost = function
prototype.httpPOST = function
prototype.httpPOSTRetry = function
prototype.httpPUT = function
prototype.httpQueue = function
prototype.identifyType = function
prototype.imageExtension = function
prototype.init = function
prototype.init = function
prototype.init = function(e) {}, e.prototype.track = function
prototype.initCallIn = function
prototype.initChart = function
prototype.initDB = function
prototype.initLogin = function
prototype.initMap = function
prototype.initMeetIn = function
prototype.initialize = function
prototype.inlineComment = function
prototype.intiCoachIn = function
prototype.inviteCountInfo = function
prototype.inviteeDetails = function
prototype.invoke = function
prototype.ionSelected = function
prototype.ionSelected = function
prototype.ionViewDidEnter = function
prototype.ionViewDidEnter = function
prototype.ionViewDidLoad = function
prototype.ionViewDidLoad = function
prototype.ionViewDidLoad = function
prototype.ionViewDidLoad = function
prototype.ionViewDidLoad = function
prototype.ionViewWillEnter = function
prototype.ionViewWillEnter = function
prototype.ionViewWillEnter = function
prototype.ionViewWillEnter = function
prototype.ionViewWillEnter = function() {}, WidgetChart.prototype.showTooltip = function
prototype.ionViewWillLeave = function
prototype.ionViewWillLeave = function
prototype.ionViewWillLeave = function
prototype.ionViewWillLeave = function
prototype.isAndroid = function
prototype.isDecimal = function
prototype.isDefined = function
prototype.isDefined = function
prototype.isEmpty = function
prototype.isMillis = function
prototype.isNaN = function
prototype.isOffline = function
prototype.isOnline = function
prototype.isScaleDataValid = function
prototype.isTimeDimension = function
prototype.isTimeSeries = function
prototype.isUndefined = function
prototype.isUriAbsolute = function
prototype.journeyLabel = function
prototype.labelMeasureName = function
prototype.launchInAppBrowser = function
prototype.likes = function() {}, e.prototype.commentsSection = function() {}, e.prototype.shares = function
prototype.linkSanitizer = function
prototype.linkedAnalysis = function
prototype.loadCoachIn = function
prototype.loadDashboard = function
prototype.loadDashboardFromBackground = function
prototype.loadDashboardList = function
prototype.loadData = function
prototype.loadDataWithOfflineSupport = function
prototype.loadDeckItems = function
prototype.loadFiles = function
prototype.loadGoogleMaps = function
prototype.loadHubDataWithOfflineSupport = function
prototype.loadSubDeckItems = function
prototype.loadTenantConf = function
prototype.loadThumbnails = function
prototype.logHealthCare = function
prototype.login = function
prototype.login = function
prototype.loginMe = function
prototype.logout = function
prototype.mail = function
prototype.manageUser = function
prototype.manageUsers = function
prototype.mapChart = function
prototype.mapDashobardAndSections = function
prototype.mapInfo = function
prototype.maximumTargetSetterForRange = function
prototype.measure = function
prototype.measureColumnWidth = function
prototype.mergeDimensionFilter = function
prototype.mergePageSections = function
prototype.millisToTime = function
prototype.misc = function
prototype.mixPanelLog = function
prototype.mixpanelAppResumeAndPause = function() {}, e.prototype.openNotification = function
prototype.moreActions = function
prototype.moreView = function
prototype.moveDecks = function
prototype.multipleDimensionChart = function
prototype.multipleDimensionColumnSummary = function
prototype.multipleDimensionGrid = function
prototype.multipleDimensionGridChildren = function
prototype.nameAndDescriptionTrimer = function
prototype.navAssessment = function
prototype.newPwd = function
prototype.ngAfterViewInit = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function(e) {}, e.prototype.openWidgetPage = function
prototype.ngOnChanges = function(e) {}, e.prototype.parseColValues = function
prototype.ngOnDestroy = function
prototype.ngOnInit = function
prototype.ngOnInit = function() {}, e.prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.noBaseGet = function
prototype.noBaseGetForAuthConfig = function
prototype.noBaseGetForClassificationRadius = function
prototype.noBaseGetForGenerali = function
prototype.noBaseGetForMaps = function
prototype.noBaseLoginPost = function
prototype.noBasePost = function
prototype.noBasePostCheckIn = function
prototype.noBasePostForLDAP = function
prototype.noBasePostLocation = function
prototype.noBasePostLog = function
prototype.noOfflineGet = function
prototype.notEmpty = function
prototype.notify = function
prototype.numberFormatter = function
prototype.numberFormatter = function
prototype.numberFormatter = function
prototype.numberScale = function
prototype.numberWithCommas = function
prototype.numberWithCommas = function
prototype.numberformatter = function
prototype.numberformatter = function
prototype.onBlur = function
prototype.onChartClick = function
prototype.onChartClick = function
prototype.onClear = function
prototype.onClearSearch = function
prototype.onDataChanged = function
prototype.onDataChanged = function
prototype.onDataChanged = function
prototype.onDataChanged = function
prototype.onDataChanged = function
prototype.onEventListening = function
prototype.onExport = function
prototype.onInput = function
prototype.onLoad = function() {}, e.prototype.onError = function() {}, e.prototype.ngOnChanges = function
prototype.onLoginSuccessInsertRecord = function
prototype.onLoginSuccessSetHeaderAndNavigate = function
prototype.onMeasureChanged = function
prototype.onMeasureChanged = function
prototype.onScroll = function
prototype.onScroll = function
prototype.onerSummary = function
prototype.onerSummaryDrilldown = function
prototype.onerSummaryGrid = function
prototype.openEmailClient = function
prototype.openExternalLink = function
prototype.openFile = function
prototype.openFile = function
prototype.openFileAlert = function
prototype.openForgotPassword = function
prototype.openRegisterHere = function
prototype.openWidgetPage = function
prototype.openWidgetPage = function
prototype.openWidgetPage = function
prototype.openWidgetPage = function
prototype.openWidgetPage = function
prototype.openWidgetPage = function
prototype.openWidgetPage = function
prototype.openWidgetPage = function
prototype.parse = function
prototype.parse = function
prototype.parse = function
prototype.parseChartMultiple = function
prototype.parseChartSingle = function
prototype.parseDashBoardRes = function
prototype.parseDashboard = function
prototype.parseDashboardList = function
prototype.parseDecks = function
prototype.parseDecksAttachments = function
prototype.parseGrid = function
prototype.parseInsight = function
prototype.parseMetadata = function
prototype.parseRowValues = function
prototype.parseToIGridRow = function
prototype.parseWidgets = function
prototype.passwordPolicy = function
prototype.performanceReviewGetApplicableKpiList = function
prototype.performanceReviewSaveScore = function
prototype.pieDonutFunnelPyramidDataLabels = function
prototype.pop = function
prototype.populateDataForShareCard = function
prototype.post = function
prototype.postAnnouncement = function
prototype.postComment = function
prototype.postDataChanges = function
prototype.postKPI = function
prototype.presentActionSheet = function
prototype.presentLoading = function
prototype.presentLoading = function
prototype.presentLoading = function
prototype.presentLoading = function
prototype.presentLoading = function
prototype.presentLoadingCustom = function
prototype.presentToast = function
prototype.presentToast = function
prototype.publishMission = function
prototype.push = function
prototype.pushPage = function
prototype.put = function
prototype.query = function
prototype.reSendOtp = function
prototype.readTrendAnalysis = function
prototype.recentInvitees = function
prototype.refresh = function
prototype.registerDevice = function
prototype.registerNewUser = function
prototype.registerNewUserWithEmail = function
prototype.registerUserData = function
prototype.registerUserPassword = function
prototype.rejectKpi = function
prototype.relatedMeasures = function
prototype.removeBaseUrl = function
prototype.removeBaseUrl = function
prototype.removeCompetencySkill = function
prototype.removeDoc = function
prototype.removeInvitee = function
prototype.removeMembersFromInitiative = function
prototype.removeMembersFromProgram = function
prototype.removeMissionMember = function
prototype.removeOwnersFromProgram = function
prototype.removeUserFromAuth = function
prototype.removeVaccinationDependent = function
prototype.removeValue = function
prototype.renderAsBubble = function
prototype.renderAsCandleStick = function
prototype.renderAsDonut = function
prototype.renderAsFunnelorPyramid = function
prototype.renderAsInlineColumn = function
prototype.renderAsJourney = function
prototype.renderAsPie = function
prototype.renderAsPolar = function
prototype.renderAsProgressBar = function
prototype.renderAsProgressBarWithTarget = function
prototype.renderAsScatter = function
prototype.renderAsTimeSeries = function
prototype.renderAsTinyColumn = function
prototype.renderAsTinyGauge = function
prototype.renderAsTreemap = function
prototype.renderAsWaterfall = function
prototype.renderBubbleWidget = function
prototype.renderCandleStickWidget = function
prototype.renderGeoMapWidget = function
prototype.renderGoogleMapWidget = function
prototype.renderMatrixWidget = function
prototype.renderMultipleDimensionSeriesWidget = function
prototype.renderMultipleMeasureWidget = function
prototype.renderMultipleSeriesWidget = function
prototype.renderPeriodWidget = function
prototype.renderScatterWidget = function
prototype.renderSingleSeriesWidget = function
prototype.renderStackedATXWidget = function
prototype.renderSummaryWidget = function
prototype.renderSummaryWidgetChart = function
prototype.renderTextWidget = function
prototype.replaceLastOccurenceInString = function
prototype.resendEmailOTP = function
prototype.resendOTP = function
prototype.reset = function
prototype.resetMoveMode = function
prototype.resetPasswordForGenerali = function
prototype.restPassword = function
prototype.reverseGeocodeForCords = function
prototype.s2ab = function
prototype.s2ab = function
prototype.sanitizeMyUrl = function
prototype.saveAsExcelFile = function
prototype.saveAsPdfFile = function
prototype.saveAssessmentLog = function
prototype.saveAttachment = function
prototype.saveAttachment = function
prototype.saveCompetencySkill = function
prototype.saveDatatoDbinBackground = function
prototype.saveDigitalConsent = function
prototype.saveErrorLog = function
prototype.saveFeedbackResponse = function
prototype.saveFile = function
prototype.saveFile = function
prototype.saveGroupKpi = function
prototype.saveImage = function
prototype.saveKpiFeedback = function
prototype.saveLanguage = function
prototype.saveLog = function
prototype.saveNewFile = function
prototype.saveOfflineDashboardData = function
prototype.saveOfflineData = function
prototype.saveOfflineHubData = function
prototype.savePhoto = function
prototype.saveSurvey = function
prototype.saveUserPreference = function
prototype.saveVerifyICName = function
prototype.scale = function
prototype.scanHealthFacilityQRCode = function
prototype.scanVaccineCode = function
prototype.scatterTooltipFormatter = function
prototype.scoreCard = function
prototype.scoreGauge = function
prototype.search2Value = function
prototype.searchDeckByRegex = function
prototype.searchEmployee = function
prototype.searchEmployee = function
prototype.searchEmployee = function
prototype.searchEmployee = function
prototype.searchExternalInvitees = function
prototype.searchFolders = function
prototype.searchInvitees = function
prototype.searchJunior = function
prototype.searchPeer = function
prototype.searchPhoto = function
prototype.searchSenior = function
prototype.searchUsers = function
prototype.searchValue = function
prototype.searchWithNameRegex = function
prototype.selectEmployee = function
prototype.selectItem = function
prototype.selectLevel = function
prototype.selectWidgets = function
prototype.sendBackScorecard = function
prototype.sendInterested = function
prototype.sendInvitation = function
prototype.sendKpiFeedback = function
prototype.setAddKpi = function
prototype.setAuthList = function
prototype.setBackButtonAction = function
prototype.setBaseUrl = function
prototype.setChangePassword = function
prototype.setCurrentScreen = function(e) {}, e.prototype.setUserProperty = function(e, n) {}, e.prototype.setUserId = function
prototype.setDefaultDates = function
prototype.setDefaultHeader = function
prototype.setDefaultProps = function
prototype.setDomainURL = function
prototype.setDrillDownListIndex = function
prototype.setFilter = function
prototype.setFirstLoginFalse = function
prototype.setHeader = function
prototype.setHrImageEmitter = function
prototype.setImageToElement = function
prototype.setLastUpdateDate = function
prototype.setMarker = function
prototype.setMenuListEmitter = function
prototype.setPeople = function(e) {}, e.prototype.identify = function(e) {}, e.prototype.logEvent = function
prototype.setProfilePictureImage = function
prototype.setProperty = function
prototype.setStep1Data = function
prototype.setStep2Data = function
prototype.setSupName = function
prototype.setThreadId = function
prototype.setTitle = function
prototype.setTitle = function
prototype.setUrlToElement = function
prototype.setValue = function
prototype.setWidgetRow = function
prototype.setZoomed = function
prototype.shareNext = function
prototype.shareWidget = function
prototype.shareWidget = function
prototype.shareWidget = function
prototype.shareWidget = function
prototype.shareWidgetOrInsight = function
prototype.shareWidgetWith = function
prototype.showAlert = function
prototype.showAlert = function
prototype.showAlert = function
prototype.showAlert = function
prototype.showAlert = function
prototype.showComments = function
prototype.showDialog = function
prototype.showError = function
prototype.showErrorStatusCode = function
prototype.showErrorToast = function
prototype.showErrorToastWithMessage = function
prototype.showGraph = function
prototype.showInfo = function
prototype.showInfo = function
prototype.showMore = function
prototype.showMore = function
prototype.showNotification = function
prototype.showPassword = function
prototype.showPopover = function
prototype.showPopover = function
prototype.showResponseErrorToast = function
prototype.showScale = function
prototype.showScore = function
prototype.showToast = function
prototype.showToast = function
prototype.showToast = function
prototype.showToast = function
prototype.showToastWithOk = function
prototype.showToastWithOkReplace = function
prototype.showToastWithOkay = function
prototype.showTooltip = function
prototype.showViewedEmployess = function
prototype.singleDimensionColumnSummary = function
prototype.singleDimensionNMeasureChart = function
prototype.singleDimensionNMeasureGrid = function
prototype.singleDimensionNMeasureGridRows = function
prototype.singleSeriesAnalysis = function
prototype.singleSeriesChart = function
prototype.sinkDataWithDb = function
prototype.sliceLevels = function
prototype.sliceLevels = function
prototype.snapshot = function
prototype.sortByProp = function
prototype.sortMapByValue = function
prototype.spliceRows = function
prototype.sslCheckFeature = function
prototype.sslCheckFeature = function
prototype.sslCheckFeature = function() {}, e.prototype.downloadFile = function
prototype.stackedPercentageTooltipFormatter = function
prototype.stackedanalysis = function
prototype.stackedtrend = function
prototype.startLocationServices = function() {}, e.prototype.startTracking = function(e, n, t) {}, e.prototype.stopTracking = function
prototype.startNextRequest = function
prototype.str2ab = function
prototype.submitCoachIn = function
prototype.submitComplaint = function
prototype.submitContactSupport = function
prototype.submitFeedback = function
prototype.submitFeedback = function
prototype.submitFinal = function
prototype.submitHomeLocation = function
prototype.submitIncorrectReportData = function
prototype.submitMeetIn = function
prototype.submitPerformanceReviewComments = function
prototype.submitReview = function
prototype.submitReviewComments = function
prototype.submitScorecard = function
prototype.submitSurvey = function
prototype.submitToDoCheckin = function
prototype.summary = function
prototype.summary = function
prototype.switchBack = function
prototype.switchUser = function
prototype.symbols.line = function
prototype.symbols["c-rect"] = function
prototype.sysDataVersions = function
prototype.tabularGrid = function
prototype.takeToWidget = function
prototype.teamContestDataParser = function
prototype.thumbnail = function
prototype.timeSeriesChart = function
prototype.timeSeriesTooltipFormatter = function
prototype.tinyChart = function
prototype.toDataUrl = function
prototype.toFixed = function
prototype.toShow = function
prototype.toggle = function
prototype.toggle = function
prototype.toggleCurrentDashboard = function
prototype.toggleInfo = function
prototype.toggleInfo = function
prototype.toggleMoveMode = function
prototype.toggleOrientation = function
prototype.toggleOrientation = function
prototype.toggleRow = function
prototype.toggleSortOrder = function
prototype.toggleView = function
prototype.tooltip = function
prototype.tooltipFormatter = function
prototype.tooltipPercentage = function
prototype.totalFormatter = function
prototype.transform = function
prototype.transform = function
prototype.translateMessage = function
prototype.trend = function
prototype.trend = function
prototype.trendConfiguration = function
prototype.trendDirection = function
prototype.trendForeColor = function
prototype.triggerLinkedAnalysis = function
prototype.triggerLinkedAnalysis = function
prototype.triggerLinkedAnalysis = function
prototype.triggerLinkedAnalysis = function
prototype.triggerLinkedAnalysis = function
prototype.triggerLinkedAnalysis = function
prototype.truncate = function
prototype.update = function
prototype.updateActualForMilestone = function
prototype.updateAndVerifyDependentVaccinationInfo = function
prototype.updateAppVersion = function
prototype.updateAttachment = function
prototype.updateAttachment = function
prototype.updateAttachmentCount = function
prototype.updateBudgetOfInitiative = function
prototype.updateComments = function
prototype.updateComponent = function
prototype.updateDashboards = function
prototype.updateDateScaleRuler = function
prototype.updateDeck = function
prototype.updateDeck = function
prototype.updateFilters = function
prototype.updateFilters = function
prototype.updateFilters = function
prototype.updateFireBaseToken = function
prototype.updateGroupKpi = function
prototype.updateHeader = function
prototype.updateInitiative = function
prototype.updateKpi = function
prototype.updateKpiFromSupervisor = function
prototype.updateKpiScore = function
prototype.updateLang = function
prototype.updateLevelInfo = function
prototype.updateMeasureMedata = function
prototype.updateMilestone = function
prototype.updateMission = function
prototype.updateNoBasePostHeader = function
prototype.updateNumberScaleRuler = function
prototype.updateOffileDashboardData = function
prototype.updatePerformanceKpiMeta = function
prototype.updateProgram = function
prototype.updateRating = function
prototype.updateReadCount = function
prototype.updateReadStatus = function
prototype.updateRecords = function
prototype.updateScoreCardState = function
prototype.updateSkeletonGroupKpi = function
prototype.updateSkeletonKpi = function
prototype.updateStage = function
prototype.updateStageTask = function
prototype.updateThreadStatus = function
prototype.updateUserNameAndProfilePic = function
prototype.updateUserProfile = function
prototype.updateXAuth = function
prototype.uploadFile = function
prototype.uploadImage = function
prototype.uploadPhotoCheck = function
prototype.uploadUserNameAndProfilePic = function
prototype.validMeasureIds = function
prototype.validate = function
prototype.validate = function
prototype.validateAddAttachment = function
prototype.validateChooseImage = function
prototype.validateIsAdmin = function
prototype.validateIsAdmin = function
prototype.validateName = function
prototype.validateNameAndCheckForProfilePic = function
prototype.validateOTP = function
prototype.validateOtp = function
prototype.validateScorecard = function
prototype.validateToDoCheckInSubmit = function
prototype.verifyDependentVaccinationInfo = function
prototype.verifyICName = function
prototype.verifyScorecard = function
prototype.viewDeck = function
prototype.viewMoreEmployees = function
prototype.viewOther = function
prototype.viewOther = function
prototype.viewOther = function
prototype.watchOffline = function
prototype.watchOnline = function
prototype.waterfall = function
prototype.waterfallOtherGraphType = function
prototype.widget = function
prototype.widget = function
